 Well, today, thank you very much for assisting. We have come to the red team, where we are going to do three very important things. We have to contribute to all the methods we have in the country. Where we have the presence, with you, from the President of the country, Jorge Enrescarillo, Leo and the word of the anti-president. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Well, good afternoon. For all of you and all of you, this space is designed for the next three months. Each month, it will be possible. There is a specific question of this year. We complete the three and then there will be a general question. We can do it. Okay? Well, the first. We will say that we want to do the day and today to share it with you. It is the Sierra de Unalyanza. This day with who are with the terrace and with the bank of the city, the floor, I already said that it is. And so that is the basic thing to do and to announce that we are partners. In the creation of the city's debut of the city's debut, which is a figure that in Colombia is doing it. And it is like the character of the city, always being a partner, as they want to call it. With what purpose? In order to be a little open between conservation, the nature of the space, the pop and the financial and those of us. Where do we want to do? What we want to do in the bank of the city of the city, which is a system of forest, snow, that is located in the front of the city. In the municipality of Tamesis and the garden. What area do we have destined for these 11,250 meters square in this first stage? What is great is that there are areas of preservation and restoration during 30 years in this and that. This is what it has for these areas of the area of water, biodiversity, the floor and the fauna. And this figure that allows us to have another transparent, which allows several things to do. In reality, with the urban biodiversity, we have to be able to see that this is part of the urban connection. It is a voluntary figure, with this we are compensating for our obligations. And what we want to do is to start a storm that is escalated, open a market that is also the one that is less than it is. But if you want to promote it, when you say that less than it is, you need to use more and more platforms. It is very powerful. We already know what we want to do, what we want to do is to do it with a large amount. And this initiative has all the development of the area for the area. So this model is not that early 30 years ago, we have been doing it within a good ecosystem that is not interested. Close to our operations and enter the problem with the water. So if you are surprised, first you do not have any question or if you want to continue with the funds. The second topic is to see with the pool, which is called the country. We remember that pool is a company that has a presence in Chile, in Bolivia, Peru, Brazil, Colombia, and the United States of Connection. So in all these countries we have to promote the water connection. In Chile, in New York, we call it the Puma connection. But what we are doing today is that it is Brazil energy. We are going to expand the water connection. Where are we going to do in the Amazon now? We are talking about the state of Akre and with an extension of 40,000 hectares. It is very important. We are reaching a goal where we have not been met with this contingency. We remember that this bill is signed and in this country, this country has been registered for over 250 hectares per day. So that is the loss of 8,000 hectares per second. We want to give this extension of the program to be able to download. We have been here for a while to connect with Colombia in the Amazon. As I said, this is going to be part of the Amazon. We are going to tell you about the sustainability of the country. We are going to do it in Brazil. The countries are in the hands of development. There are questions about this program. We will go to third. Good. I want to invite you to share your opinions. The third is Colombia. We are also in the Netherlands. We have found that the best way to do it is not only for us. We have bought the banks that have been sold out on the reserve of the country. Very complex and unique Colombia. Colombia is the most expensive one in the world. We want to enter it in a concert where I have a lot of affinity. And we also want to reinforce that the idric security. Where we want to do it, we want to do it in China. And in the middle of the world. We want to do it in the old. We want to do it with the construction operation and the work of two lives. These lives are for 10,000 plants from the 4,000 square square. They will be in the early days. The other things are that they have the same structure of the production of water. We remember that in these two areas. The production of water is about 10,000 million people. I think that all of this is evident. What happens in Bogotá. I don't know if it will be good, but if it is contribute, it will be important. We remember that this time, we will not be able to tell you a little about the very fragile species. Since it is always a live and the fact that it can be found in the last two years. And the mortality rate is very high. So, I think it is a lot of money. With the economic and economic growth. With the economic growth. We will reach a good, good, good, good, good. We will continue to believe in the series and we will continue to be able to see. Thank you very much. I really want to thank you very much. I really appreciate the company. And I am so happy that as a Colombian, we have not realized that in our hands we are going to take the World Heritage heritage. Because if the third country in the world has the region. Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela. And as a Colombian, we do not correspond with taking care and loving. The Cuban beef is one of those officials who enjoyed the first season throughout the league, who made hot in white open October, the country from 6 years, is being monetised in Waure. Realizing the fact that the część ЗаareasgaIA新 winter came in Colombia, there are 66 tropical and big sain plains in Colombia. The rising 해 in Colombia continues to excellent, those of the 25th years, who lived in Paradise. And the reason why we realized that there were not many problems. It is because the mammals have the numbers, It's because the amenaces that we have are multiple. The incentives, provocations, the ganaderia, the agricultural expansion, especially with the Pope. And we are not aware that more than 600 rivers in Colombia are born in a frail region. In the area of a frail region. So, the rivers are strategic in the area of China. When we open the key of the two main cities in our country, they're not produced by another thriving farm with one hit in a utveckling year. And to all of us, who have to access providing the birds to give their families aç him to die, to watch on the ground on a safe treadmill. So we're невerviced. So we're transferring the intel from Pairamo, which forces the Jardin to his home for a total performance, the remains of the homes and how they bomb up their seeds. Viberista, let's teach the recogeries to the world that lasts two years so that you can have 15 centimeters or a frail with you. And they are families, together with the capacity of the team of white men, which is involucrant. And obviously that's a perfect domain that comes to the schools, communities, and we hope that this is the beginning of a great city, for 10 years. We are not compromising to leave the country, and that's what you do. As a president, it's a rare, our patrimony, which would lead us to all the presidents of all the Colombian companies who support the value that we have for us. So, from all over the country, and the name is the team of white men who are eight countries where we are present. We give them the thanks and we hope that we will be able to take many frail with us. We will be able to give them more. Okay? We have some questions, comment. In the Princes of the Government, I think the neighbours were working on a TV platform with a letter ofowiąics doing organizations. And you see how there's a perspective. And, what was your home? We are in this first, first stage with 106.250. We are looking for, as I said, we want this creesca, which is a fortalezca, and if we can go straight to the place with the government, then it's not good news. Without any problem, it's absolutely autonomous, both of these races, as you said, but we would love to, so general, we'll be looking forward to what the city integration makes to put ourselves together.